Enable displayRequestDuration prop for react (#7522)
swagger-api/swagger-ui: flavors/swagger-ui-react/README.md

⚠️ This prop is currently only applied once, on mount. Changes to this prop's value will not be propagated to the underlying Swagger UI instance. A future version of this module will remove this limitation, and the change will not be considered a breaking change.

#### `displayRequestDuration`: PropTypes.bool

> Controls whether to display the duration of the request. The default is false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Controls the display of the request duration (in milliseconds) for "Try it out" requests. The default is false.
```

Reviewer: Just to make it consistent with https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-ui/blob/master/docs/usage/configuration.md
